Update changelog and version for 0.4 in master branch (#258)
qutip/qutip-qip: doc/source/changelog.rst

*********

Version 0.4.0 (Nov 23, 2024)
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

> This release adds a new quantum circuit renderer based on matplotlib and text and improves the circuit simulation speed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release adds two new quantum circuit renderers -- one based on matplotlib and another that renders the circuit as text -- and improves the circuit simulation speed.
```
The "and text" felt a bit difficult to parse when reading.

New features
------------

> - Add matplotlib-based and text-based quantum circuit renderer. The new renderer is more flexible and can be used in different environments without latex dependencies. (`#239 <https://github.com/qutip/qutip-qip/pull/239>`_ and `#244 <https://github.com/qutip/qutip-qip/pull/244>`_ by Rushiraj Gadhvi)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add matplotlib-based and text-based quantum circuit renderers. The new rendering framework is more flexible and can be used in different environments without latex dependencies. (`#239 <https://github.com/qutip/qutip-qip/pull/239>`_ and `#244 <https://github.com/qutip/qutip-qip/pull/244>`_ by Rushiraj Gadhvi)
```

Improvements
------------

> - `einsum` is used to speed up the circuit simulation. (`#225 <https://github.com/qutip/qutip-qip/pull/225>`_ by Boxi Li)

Reviewer: Do you have a sense of how much the speed up was? Might be nice to say "speed up the circuit simulation by up to 2x" or similar to give the reader a sense of the improvement. Also happy to leave as is if it's too difficult to give a number.

> - `einsum` is used to speed up the circuit simulation. (`#225 <https://github.com/qutip/qutip-qip/pull/225>`_ by Boxi Li)

Author: ```suggestion
- `einsum` is used to speed up the circuit simulation by up to 10 times. (`#225 <https://github.com/qutip/qutip-qip/pull/225>`_ by Boxi Li)
```
